Link to Microsoft Add-ons site (#3671)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/develop-web-microsoft-edge.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Experimental APIs for Microsoft Edge

> Use origin trials to try out experimental APIs on your own live site for a limited period of time.  When using origin trials, users of Microsoft Edge that visit your site can run code that uses experimental APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
Use origin trials to try out experimental APIs and features on your live site for a limited period of time.  When using origin trials, users of Microsoft Edge that visit your site can run code that uses experimental APIs and features.
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Experimental APIs for Microsoft Edge

Use origin trials to try out experimental APIs on your own live site for a limited period of time.  When using origin trials, users of Microsoft Edge that visit your site can run code that uses experimental APIs.

See:
* [Experimental web platform features](./web-platform/index.md)

> * [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](./origin-trials/index.md)

Author: ```suggestion
```
